## Bolster Take Home Exercise

### Dependencies instructions

In order to run this package you need one of the following sets of requirments installed.

* python 3.9+ and pipenv (pipenv can be installed by running `pip install pipenv`)
* docker desktop

#### Python run instructions

Open up a terminal/command prompt (bash/powershell/cmd) to this directory. If you have
python 3.9 + installed, then run the following commands in a terminal in order.
There are 2 ways to install this with python.

1. Create a virtual environment and execute this command inside it.

    ```shell
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

2. Use pipenv.

    ```shell
    pip install pipenv && pipenv shell
    ```

Once you have done either of those, this command will start up the api server

```shell
uvicorn candidate_api.main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port 8081 --reload
# If you don't want the server to reload when the code changes remove the `--reload` part.
```

### Interactive Documentation page

Once the server has been started if you go to this endpoint you will see an interactive
documentation page
generated by FastApi that can be used to view the endpoint documentation and run the
endpoints.
[Interactive Docs](http://localhost:8081/docs)

#### Docker instructions

Open up a terminal in the project directory and run the following command to create an
image and run it using docker.
This is setup so that local code changes will trigger a server reload even in the docker
container.

```shell
docker compose up
```

To stop the container press [CTL + C].

#### Tests.

Once you have the project running you can run the tests by opening another terminal window
and executing the following.

```bash
pytest .
```